Create README.md (#440)
VDVde/OJP: README.md

OJP is part of the [Transmodel](https://www.transmodel-cen.eu/) family of standards together with [NeTEx](https://netex-cen.eu/), [SIRI](https://www.transmodel-cen.eu/siri-standard/)  and OPRA. It also contains elements from [DATEX II](https://datex2.eu/).

## Releases
* [OJP 1.0](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/releases/tag/v1.0): The version described in CEN/TS 17118:2017
* [OJP 1.0.1](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/releases/tag/v1.0.1): Bug fix release

## GitHub Repository

Download the XSD schema files and examples in the git repository found at https://github.com/VDVde/OJP and take a look at the [documentation tables](https://vdvde.github.io/OJP/index.html).

You can contribute by:
* Pointing out [issues](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/issues)
* Creating pull requests: Use the [development documentation](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/wiki/WG:-:-Working-with-this-repository)

### Branches
* The main branch is currently set to OJP 1.0.1
* Development occurs currently in [the develop branch](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/develop).
* We work with release-branches

> * PR should always be created in a branch with the name "feature/<title>".

Reviewer: Would this correspond to what is meant by *with the name "feature/<title>"*?

# OJP - *O*pen API for distributed *J*ourney *P*lanning

## Content
This repository contains the XML Schema, examples and documentation tables for the "**O**pen API for distributed **J**ourney **P**lanning" published as *"CEN/TS 17118:2017: "Intelligent transport systems - Public transport - Open API for distributed journey planning"*.

OJP consists of a set of services that can be addressed using HTTP requests.

The main services to request information are:
* Place information
* Stop events (arrival and departure boards)
* Searching for trips
* Information about a given trip
* Information about fares for trips
* Changing of trips
* Refining of trips
* Availability for trip legs
* Information about lines

OJP systems interacting with each other additionally use:

> * Getting information about Exchange Points (places when a Trip switches from one OJP system to another)

Reviewer 2: Trip => trip

* Using a multi point trip service (n origins and m destinations)

## Standard document
OJP is a CEN standard. Obtain a copy of the standard document ["CEN/TS 17118:2017: "Intelligent transport systems - Public transport - Open API for distributed journey planning"](https://standards.cen.eu/dyn/www/f?p=204:110:0::::FSP_PROJECT:62236&cs=1985DBD613F25D179FB65A73B0FDA4DB7) at [CEN](https://www.cen.eu).

> OJP is part of the [Transmodel](https://www.transmodel-cen.eu/)) family of standards together with [NeTEx](https://netex-cen.eu/), [SIRI](https://www.transmodel-cen.eu/siri-standard/)  and OPRA. It also contains elements from [DATEX II](https://datex2.eu/).

Reviewer 2: two spaces

## Releases

> * [OJP 1.0 branch](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/release/1.0)

Reviewer 2: I'd omit the branches from the releases section, we have the branches section for this:

```
## Releases
* [OJP v1.0](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/releases/tag/v1.0): The version described in CEN/TS 17118:2017
* [OJP v1.0.1](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/releases/tag/v1.0.1): Bug fix release
* OJP v2.0 is in preparation in the [develop branch](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/develop).
```

  * [OJP 1.0](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/releases/tag/v1.0): The version described in CEN/TS 17118:2017
  * [OJP 1.0.1](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/releases/tag/v1.0.1): Bug fix release
* OJP 2.0 in preparation. See the following [branch](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/develop).

> ## Github Repository

Reviewer 2: Github repository => GitHub repository

Author: done

> ## Github Repository

Author: ```suggestion
## GitHub Repository
```

Download the XSD schema files and examples in the git repository found at https://github.com/VDVde/OJP and take a look at the [documentation tables](https://vdvde.github.io/OJP/index.html).

You can contribute by:
* Pointing out [issues](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/issues)
* Creating pull requests: Use the [development documentation](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/wiki/WG:-:-Working-with-this-repository)

### Branches

> * The master branch is currently set to OJP 1.0.1

Reviewer 2: master => main

Author: done

> * The master branch is currently set to OJP 1.0.1

Author: ```suggestion
* The main branch is currently set to OJP 1.0.1
```

> * Development occurs currently in the development branch: https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/develop.

Reviewer 2: in the [develop branch](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/develop)

> * Development occurs currently in the development branch: https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/develop.

Author: ```suggestion
* Development occurs currently in [the develop branch](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/tree/develop).
```

* We work with release-branches

> * PR should always be created with feature/<id> as a branch.

Reviewer 2: You did not create a feature branch for this change itself..

Author: I know. Last one :-)

> * PR should always be created with feature/<id> as a branch.

Author: ```suggestion
* PR should always be created in a branch with the name "feature/<title>".
```

### Wiki

> OJP uses the [wiki](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/wiki) on github for some resources and examples.

Reviewer 2: github => GitHub

Author: done

> OJP uses the [wiki](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/wiki) on github for some resources and examples.

Author: ```suggestion
OJP uses the [wiki](https://github.com/VDVde/OJP/wiki) on GitHub for some resources and examples.
```

# OJP - *O*pen API for distributed *J*ourney *P*lanning

## Content

> This repository contains the XSD, examples and documentation tables for the 
> "**O**pen API for distributed **J**ourney **P**lanning" published as 
> *"CEN/TS 17118:2017: "Intelligent transport systems - Public transport - Open API for distributed journey planning"*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This repository contains the XML Schema, examples and documentation tables for the "**O**pen API for distributed **J**ourney **P**lanning" published as *"CEN/TS 17118:2017: "Intelligent transport systems - Public transport - Open API for distributed journey planning"*.
```

OJP consists of a set of services that can be addressed using HTTP requests.

The main services to request information are:
* Place information
* Stop events (arrival and departure boards)
* Searching for trips
* Information about a given trip
* Information about fares for trips
* Changing of trips
* Refining of trips
* Availability for trip legs
* Information about lines

OJP systems interacting with each other additionally use:
* Getting information about Exchange Points (places when a Trip switches from one OJP system to another)
* Using a multi point trip service (n origins and m destinations)

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

## Standard document

> OJP is a CEN standard. Obtain a copy of the standard document
> ["CEN/TS 17118:2017: "Intelligent transport systems - Public transport - Open API for distributed journey planning"](https://standards.cen.eu/dyn/www/f?p=204:110:0::::FSP_PROJECT:62236&cs=1985DBD613F25D179FB65A73B0FDA4DB7)
> at [CEN](https://www.cen.eu).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OJP is a CEN standard. Obtain a copy of the standard document ["CEN/TS 17118:2017: "Intelligent transport systems - Public transport - Open API for distributed journey planning"](https://standards.cen.eu/dyn/www/f?p=204:110:0::::FSP_PROJECT:62236&cs=1985DBD613F25D179FB65A73B0FDA4DB7) at [CEN](https://www.cen.eu).
```
